you're starting to work on a new web
design project yes that's exciting but
now you've opened up a new file you're
staring at a blank screen and you have
no clue what to put on the homepage time
goes by your clients are calling asking
when it's going to be ready every minute
that you procrastinate you are losing
money this ends right now I'm going to
explain to you exactly what you need to
put on the homage of your website and
because you've wasted enough time as it
is I challenge myself to teach you The
Perfect Landing Page structure in 5
minutes or else my kids are going to
dump this ice bucket water on my head
challenge accepted okay I'm going to
demonstrate this on this figma template
and if you want to use it to start
working with you can grab it in the
description below so I'm going to start
by talking about the hero section which
is the first topmost section of the
website which is called above the fold
before you have to scroll to anything
and this is the most important thing
because if we don't get this right
people are not going to continue in
scrolling so the first thing that we
have is obviously a title and this title
needs to explain the value that you are
providing now this doesn't necessarily
always mean to say what you are doing
because if you might be doing something
generic like I sell cars or I build
websites or your product again might be
we sell coffee that might be generic so
you want to explain the value the
uniqueness of it so that can be the
problem that you're solving for example
like I will generate more traffic for
your business or something something
like this or our coffee is uniquely made
by blah blah blah so this is where you
explain the value or what happens when
you are going to drink the coffee like
so this is the value and we want to
start off with this now below this we
always have a subtitle and the purpose
of the subtitle is to actually explain
how we're how this value is being
created so here you might say I drive
more sales to your business by building
a high converting website or something
like this and sometimes you might even
say who is this for right so I do this
for small businesses or this is good for
entrepreneurs and so forth and so forth
so this is the purpose of having a
subtitle in your hero section the next
thing that you want to have is some kind
of a visual and the point of the visual
is to help them imagine what it is that
they're buying so obviously if it's a
product you want to show the product and
more specifically you might even want to
show the product in use so they can
imagine that that's them using it if
you're a service provider you might want
to see the experience of working with
you so if you're freelancer maybe that's
a photo of you so people can imagine who
is the person that they are hiring the
next thing that we have here is called
social proof and in this example here I
have 5,000 people like you have
purchased this product and the point of
this is to make it believable right now
we don't always have this sometimes you
will see maybe logos of companies that
we've worked with or some kind of
numbers like X numbers sold uh few years
in business and so forth but the point
of this is again to make it credible to
make your claims credible and next we
have the call to action which is
basically a button that tells them what
to do next should I get started should I
book a call should I buy this now but
you want to easily tell people what to
do next otherwise they might just leave
the website and be lost so these are the
uh core elements of a hero section let
me give you an example here so here's an
example from stripe really well-designed
uh website and they're starting with
payment infrastructure for the internet
so this is basically what they're doing
and here they have millions of companies
of all sizes from startups to fortant
use stri so they're both doing the
social proof because millions of
companies and telling people you know
the size of the company that is right to
work with them start now is the call to
action and they do show here both the
analytics you'll see as a user but also
what the customer experience for people
using their app you know is going to be
like when they are buying so this is one
hero section example here's another one
for a copywriter so she is basically
saying what it is that she's doing um
she is showing an image of herself so
people can visualize oh look she's so
nice it must be nice to work with her
and she is showing work completed for so
that's basically her social proof I did
work for all of these Brands and she has
the call to action here although not
very prominent but still a call to
action let's see I do have only one
minute I'll try to go through super fast
the next stuff you want to talk about is
features and benefits which is you've
made a very big claim at the top a big
promise now how are you're going to
deliver on this how does this actually
work now the difference between features
and benefits I want to give you an
example from Tesla so features are the
technical specs of what this is so it
might be you know 200 miles per hours or
120 horsepowers this is really technical
but people usually don't care about the
technical they want to know what's the
benefit if I use this what's going to
happen and you can see it here you will
you know stay connected or you will have
immersive sound so these are the
benefits and you can think about this in
a metaphor like the Mario game where you
you take this flower and then you can
throw Fireballs so the features are we
have a flower but what this actually
helps you do the benefit is you'll be
able to throw Fireballs so that's how
you think about this and that's what you
do in the next section it can be short
it can be long next you want to Show
additional social proof and in this case
it's testimonials again this can be
logos testimonials numbers whatever you
want ah God damn it so five minutes have
passed I've got a little bit more but I
do want you to make sure that you get
this and that's valuable and useful for
you so it's going to take probably
additional minute or so to finish and
yeah my kid get to throw this on me I'm
sure they'll be super super happy next
we have the what's usually called FAQ
frequently asked questions and the Reas
reason that we have this is to handle
objections so you think about a landing
page as basically a sales presentation
we're trying to sell some idea some
products some services and think about
this when you go to the store there's a
person there helping you to answer all
your questions and your questions are
basically the reasons that you are not
going to buy these are your objections
like but wait what happens if this and
what happens if that so because we don't
have a live salesperson on our page we
are going to use the f Q like frequently
asked questions to predict the
objections that you know our visitors
might have so we can tackle them and
answer them and that's going to increase
the likelihood that they purchase once
we've done that basically we're ready to
make the sale once again before they
leave so this is not more social proof
this is last call to action which is
basically okay now you're convinced now
you can go ahead and buy now you never
want to just leave want to leave them at
the end of the the page without telling
them once again what they need to do
right now and usually on the last thing
on every page is a footer which
basically tells them what else is on
this website perhaps subscribe them to a
newsletter or something like this but
it's just kind of like uh an
organizational tool for the end of the
page so this is the structure uh it's
going to help you and it's can work for
almost any business website homepage
landing page I hope that was valuable
and and now it's time to take
responsibility action
[Music]